it's got a chicken with such a potatoes
and red chard one of my favorite
all-time birds chicken breast butterfly
is open whole thing cooks evenly egg
wash beat flour seasoned chicken breasts
dust shake off any excess flour into the
egg wash
just run it through let into the
breadcrumbs this helps to keep the
chicken base really nice and moist hot
pan olive oil into the pan
color turn it over that's what we want
rest sauce shallots garlic tomatoes hot
pan olive oil basil
sauce mozzarella gray key parmesan olive
oil stopping some things right bake
eight minutes under that beautiful
it's gone above chicken served with
sauteed potatoes and red chard done